Update README.md (#12820)
DataDog/integrations-core: singlestore/README.md

## Overview

> SingleStore offers transactional and analytical processing of stored data without compromising on speed, performance, or data size. 
> 
> Datadog's out-of-the-box integration with SingleStoreDB collects and monitors performance metrics from your SingleStoreDB instance so you can:
> - Understand the health of your cluster and your nodes using metrics and events 
> - Easily address drops in storage capacity 
> - Improve resource utilization efficiency by studying CPU usage and stolen time 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check monitors [SingleStore][1] through the Datadog Agent. SingleStore offers transactional and analytical processing of stored data. Enable the Datadog-SingleStoreDB integration to:

- Understand the health of clusters and nodes through metrics and events.
- Address drops in storage capacity.
- Improve resource utilization efficiency.
```
